:book: Docs enhancements pt2 (#543)
kairos-io/kairos: docs/content/en/docs/Reference/image_matrix.md

  The artifacts are in the `build/` directory.
{{% /alert %}}

## Versioning policy

Kairos follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and our releases versioning signal changes regarding the Kairos components, not changes to the OS, and underlaying packages versions. Flavors are pinned to specific upstream OS branches (e.g. `opensuse` to `leap 15.4`) and major version bumps would be reflected by either having new flavors in our build matrix or having specific releases to follow upstream with regard to minor version bumps (e.g. `leap 15.3` and `leap 15.4`).

Consider:
- We support only the latest release branch with patch releases.
- Patch releases ( e.g. _1.1.x_ ) follows a weekly release cadence, if needed, exceptions made for highly impacting bugs in Kairos itself or at the OS layer (e.g. High scored CVEs).
- Minor releases follows a monthly cadence and are expected to bring enhancements, with planned releases.

> - Major releases signal a new a set of advanced features, or significant changes to the codebase. In-place upgrade from old to new major release branch is not always guaranteed, however we steer to keep compatibility among versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Major releases signal a new a set of advanced features, or significant changes to the codebase. In-place upgrade from old to new major release branch is not always guaranteed, however we strive for compatibility among versions.
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
In order to give more control over the chosen base image (e.g. `openSUSE`, `Ubuntu`, ... ), and rely less on our CI infrastructure, we are actively working on streamling the creation of Kairos-based distributions directly from upstream base images. You can track the development progress over [here](https://github.com/kairos-io/kairos/issues/116).

If you need to further customize images, including base image changes, package updates, and CVE hotfixes, follow the [customization docs](/docs/advanced/customizing).
{{% /alert %}}

## Release changelog

Our changelog is published as part of the release process: it contains all the changeset, highlights and release notes that are pertinent to the release.

> We strongly reccomend to check every release changelog before running any upgrade, or while building your customized version of Kairos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend to check every release changelog before running any upgrade, or while building your customized version of Kairos.

```
